add documentation for CPV (#1)
JoaoBraveCoding/enhancements: enhancements/monitoring/metrics-collection-profiles.md

### User Stories

- As a user, I want to lower the amount of resources consumed by Prometheus in a
  supported way, so I can configure the clusters metrics collection profiles to
  `minimal`.
- As a developer, I want a supported way to collect a subset of the metrics
  exported by my operator and operands, while still collecting necessary metrics
  for alerts, visualization of key indicators and Telemetry.

> - As a component owner (that does not yet implement a profile), I want to

Reviewer: nit: just to the wording through the doc is consistent
```suggestion
- As a developer of a component (that does not yet implement a profile), I want to
```

  extract metrics needed to implement said profile, based on the assets I
  provide, or the ones gathered from the cluster based on a group of target
  selectors, and a plug-in relabel configuration to apply within the monitor.

> - As a component owner (that does not, or only partially implements a profile),

Reviewer: nit: just to the wording through the doc is consistent
```suggestion
- As a developer of a component (that does not, or only partially implements a profile),
```

  I want to get information about any monitors that are not yet implemented for
  any of the supported profiles that are offered.

> - As a component owner (that implements a profile), I want to verify if all the

Reviewer: nit: just to the wording through the doc is consistent
```suggestion
- As a developer of a component (that implements a profile), I want to verify if all the
```
